doc: nrf: update known issues file with MTLPAN-30 workaround (#28939)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/known_issues.rst

.. rst-class:: v3-2-0 v3-2-1 v3-2-2 v3-2-3 v3-2-4

.. rst-class:: v3-3-0 v3-2-4 v3-2-3 v3-2-2 v3-2-1 v3-2-0

> NRFX-9318: Application goes into Bus Fault when `CONFIG_CLOCK_CONTROL_NRF_HFINT_CALIBRATION` is enabled on nRF54LS05

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NRFX-9318: A Bus Fault is triggered in an application when the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CLOCK_CONTROL_NRF_HFINT_CALIBRATION` Kconfig option is enabled on an nRF54LS05 device
```

>   If `CONFIG_CLOCK_CONTROL_NRF_HFINT_CALIBRATION` option is enabled on nRF54LS05, the application goes into Bus Fault after start.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If  the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CLOCK_CONTROL_NRF_HFINT_CALIBRATION` Kconfig option is enabled on an nRF54LS05 device, a Bus Fault is triggered in the application after start.
```

  **Affected platforms:** nRF54LS0

> 

Reviewer: Any workarounds?

Author: No workarounds for now.
